{{ cookiecutter.repo_name }}/README.md, before:

{{cookiecutter.project_name}}
==============================

{{cookiecutter.description}}

Project Organization
------------

    ├── LICENSE
    ├── Makefile           <- Makefile with commands like `make data` or `make train`
    ├── README.md          <- The top-level README for developers using this project.
    ├── configs            <- The centrized configs that were using in this project.
    ├── data
    │   ├── interim        <- Intermediate data that has been transformed.
    │   ├── processed      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
    │   ├── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
    |   └── models         <- Trained and serialized models, model predictions, or model summaries
    │
    ├── manuscripts
    │   ├── docs           <- A default Sphinx project; see sphinx-doc.org for details
    |   ├── references     <- Data dictionaries, manuals, and all other explanatory materials.
    |   ├── figures        <- Generated graphics and figures to be used in reporting
    |   └── src            <- Latex files of project
    │
    ├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks. Naming convention is a number (for ordering),
    │                         the creator's initials, and a short `-` delimited description, e.g.
    │                         `1.0-jqp-initial-data-exploration`.
    │
    │
    ├── logs               <- Generated logs.
    │   
    │
    ├── requirements.txt   <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment, e.g.
    │                         generated with `pip freeze > requirements.txt`
    │
    ├── setup.py           <- makes project pip installable (pip install -e .) so src can be imported
    ├── src                <- Source code for use in this project.
    │   ├── __init__.py    <- Makes src a Python module
    │   │
    │   ├── data           <- Scripts to download or generate data
    │   │   └── make_dataset.py
    │   │
    │   ├── features       <- Scripts to turn raw data into features for modeling
    │   │   └── build_features.py
    │   │
    │   ├── models         <- Scripts to train models and then use trained models to make
    │   │   │                 predictions
    │   │   ├── predict_model.py
    │   │   └── train_model.py
    │   │
    │   └── visualization  <- Scripts to create exploratory and results oriented visualizations
    │       └── visualize.py
    │
    └── tox.ini            <- tox file with settings for running tox; see tox.readthedocs.io


--------

Commit message:

Add new files and update existing files

{{ cookiecutter.repo_name }}/README.md, after:

{{cookiecutter.project_name}}
==============================

{{cookiecutter.description}}


## Workflows

1. Update config.yaml
2. Update secrets.yaml and schema.yaml [Optional]
3. Update params.yaml
4. Update the entity
5. Update the configuration manager in src config
6. Update the components
7. Update the pipeline 
8. Update the main.py
9. Update the dvc.yaml
10. Update the app.py





Project Organization
------------

    ├── LICENSE
    ├── Makefile           <- Makefile with commands like `make data` or `make train`
    ├── README.md          <- The top-level README for developers using this project.
    ├── configs            <- The centrized configs that were using in this project.
    ├── data
    │   ├── interim        <- Intermediate data that has been transformed.
    │   ├── processed      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
    │   ├── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
    |   └── models         <- Trained and serialized models, model predictions, or model summaries
    │
    ├── manuscripts
    │   ├── docs           <- A default Sphinx project; see sphinx-doc.org for details
    |   ├── references     <- Data dictionaries, manuals, and all other explanatory materials.
    |   ├── figures        <- Generated graphics and figures to be used in reporting
    |   └── src            <- Latex files of project
    │
    ├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks. Naming convention is a number (for ordering),
    │                         the creator's initials, and a short `-` delimited description, e.g.
    │                         `1.0-jqp-initial-data-exploration`.
    │
    │
    ├── logs               <- Generated logs.
    │   
    │
    ├── requirements.txt   <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment, e.g.
    │                         generated with `pip freeze > requirements.txt`
    │
    ├── setup.py           <- makes project pip installable (pip install -e .) so src can be imported
    ├── src                <- Source code for use in this project.
    │   ├── __init__.py    <- Makes src a Python module
    │   │
    │   ├── data           <- Scripts to download or generate data
    │   │   └── make_dataset.py
    │   │
    │   ├── features       <- Scripts to turn raw data into features for modeling
    │   │   └── build_features.py
    │   │
    │   ├── models         <- Scripts to train models and then use trained models to make
    │   │   │                 predictions
    │   │   ├── predict_model.py
    │   │   └── train_model.py
    │   │
    │   └── visualization  <- Scripts to create exploratory and results oriented visualizations
    │       └── visualize.py
    │
    └── tox.ini            <- tox file with settings for running tox; see tox.readthedocs.io


--------
